Refactor docs content for an all org Neon (#3455)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/manage/organizations.md

---
title: Organizations
subtitle: Manage your projects and collaborate with team members
enableTableOfContents: true
updatedOn: '2025-05-11T11:23:50.624Z'
---

In Neon, all projects live within organizations. When you sign up, you automatically get a free organization for your first project. Organizations provide a central place to manage your projects, collaborate with team members, and — for paid plans — handle your billing.

## About Neon Organizations

> In the Neon Console, the Organizations page provides a centralized view of all your projects. From there, you can create new projects, manage existing ones, as well as oversee your members, billing information, and access to preview features through the Early Access Program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Neon Console, the Organizations page gives you a centralized view of all your projects. From there, you can create new projects, manage existing ones, and oversee your members, billing information, and access to preview features through the [Early Access Program](/docs/introduction/roadmap#organization-early-access).
```
